change Positron Python display name to Python (#8710)
posit-dev/positron: extensions/positron-python/README.md

# Python Extension

> The Python Extension to the [Positron IDE](https://github.com/rstudio/positron).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python Extension to the [Positron IDE](https://github.com/posit-dev/positron).
```
